if there's one thing that's in shortage
it bailouts the banking system is
definitely in need of some more as we
win it's a slow and steady missile
location of capital occurring money is
flowing from individual savers and
taxpayers and it's finding its way into
the hands of the elite countries and
companies find themselves in turmoil
then the consolidation of wealth occurs
you came here for the truth today we are
going to look at two important topics
one being warren buffett bailing out
home capital and the other is the
absolute bloodbath that is occurring in
retail let's get into it first beginning
with home capital a surprise injection
of capital from the world's most famous
investor appears to have marked a major
turning points in the embattled mortgage
lender home Capital Group so essentially
what this was was what they call an
alternative mortgage lender so if you're
an individual who couldn't get debt
through normal means this company would
do that for you and that's sort of akin
to what we experienced during the
subprime crisis they were giving out
loans to people who shouldn't have had
them in the first place then a snowball
effect occurred because the weakness the
cracks began to appear and people
started pulling their money out and then
the stock started dropping and that
makes people pull their money out even
more and the stock drop even more so
here they are Warren Buffett's Berkshire
Hathaway said it's going to acquire four
hundred million dollars of the
toronto-based company that gives it a
38% stake and the reason I mention this
at a steep discount so they're also
going to provide two billion line of
credit okay the reason I mention this is
because people follow Warren Buffett or
any of these other individuals
billionaires for what they do but they
don't understand that a guy like Warren
Buffett doesn't get the same deal that
you and I do so maybe it wouldn't be a
good idea
invest in home capital if it wasn't at
the price that Warren Buffett's getting
it at that's the point I'm trying to
make you have to understand the
sweetheart deals are not for you and I
and suddenly the valuations are very
different the reason they use Warren
Buffett is because he can be in his own
realm
the billionaire world the 0.1% or
whatever you want to call them to be
able to consolidate power the government
doesn't want to own home Capital Group
they want to have their friends and the
people who ultimately are controlling
the governments to own everything that's
why the Emir of Qatar owns several
islands in Greece you have corporations
that own airports and streets and
everything else it's a transfer of
wealth to those number one that hold
assets to begin with but those that have
wealth you could take it away from the
average individual citizen or from the
nation transferred to the corporations
to the billionaires to the elite and one
of the things they mentioned here was
the lender gets a much cheaper funds
hard to read here but cheaper funding
arrangement so they're trying to fix the
problems of what was happening here
filling the void and ultimately because
Warren Buffett's behind it you know that
they sat down with the government and
with this corporation they had some
meetings and they decided that this
company would be allowed to last and
that a little bit of money here and
there and we'll give you an it at a
better price it's a great thing for
Warren Buffett that's for sure and if
you remember not too long ago Warren
Buffett bailed out Bank of America he
gave five billion dollars to put into
the one of the worst performing stocks
but I'm sure there was a sit-down with
those in the government that said we're
not going to allow bank America to fail
what we will do instead is ask you
put five billion dollars in we're going
to give you preferred pricing and then
we will make sure that this company gets
the bailouts that it needs should it
desire it you know in future you
investing into this company is going to
reassure the market so investors can
continue we're going to get our friend
Jim Cramer to recommend the stock as
well so don't worry about it everything
will be fine and lo and behold Bank of
America didn't need to be nationalized
now this is also going on in Europe as
well if you remember what I talked about
recently look at this look at the link
we're sorry we're unable to respond to
your requests at this time I don't know
I'm going to check this again at a later
date I brought to you the spreadsheet
that showed you the all the companies
that the ECB has been has been bailing
out I went back to the site again and
this is the message I get we're sorry
we're unable to respond it seems like
maybe they didn't want to release that
information so they were told to take it
down but guess who made a copy that's
right
right here this is the copy of that
spreadsheet the cspp holdings and you
know I'm sure that this is somewhere
else but the original link where of us
from is now not working at the time of
this recording so in this I can click on
it it's there it is it's slow to load
but regardless it's here and it's
showing up slowly slowly these are the
companies that are involved they're in
alphabetical order based on country and
the whole point is that the entire world
all of the big corporations need to be
bailed out they can do so by issuing
bonds and then the government or the
central bank buys the bonds I don't care
what you call that that's a bailout
because if you didn't buy those or
government than buy those bonds would
you I don't think so
are you going to buy those century bonds
that Argentina issued don't worry when
you reach the year 2117 you can get your
money back okay so that's that I have
this here hopefully like the link will
be in the description I don't know if
it's going to work I have a copy here
and I hope others downloaded it as well
we'll see what happens now
RBC Royal Bank of Canada cutting 450
jobs primarily from said offices in the
Greater Toronto Area as it tries to
revamp its business in light of shifting
client experiences alright new
technology it's talking about here new
technology what exactly is this new
technology well part of one of the
things for those who don't know that
what's happening here part of this is
that RBC is entering into a new mode and
what they've done is they've cut fees
across the board and what they've
suggested is that if you invest with us
you're going to pay extremely small fees
but there are a lot of mutual fund
companies that fees are their bread and
butter that's what they do
but they can't compete with the big boys
they can compete with RBC who may have
much more assets under management so as
a result what do they need to do well
number one if you're going to get a lot
of people and you're going to reduce
your fees you need to cut from somewhere
else because of course corporate profits
always need to increase so what do you
do well you fire a lot of people and
then you introduce new technology and
what exactly is that new technology well
hang on to that thought show you in a
moment first I want to show you more of
the bloodbath that is occurring Sears
Canada is seeking court protection memos
creditors it plans to cut about 2,900
positions across Canada it's closing 59
locations and you know I'm sure they'll
just close the whole store
the whole company will shut down maybe
you'll be bought out by other companies
that are around retail I feel in many
cases is dying we can see the trend
moving online that's clear but I think a
lot of companies are not able to really
provide what people need people are
searching for example you see a lot of
people a trend anyway it's a small group
people going away from the sort of
big-box stores and they're trying to go
towards the mom-and-pop shops I don't
know if that's ultimately going to
happen but we see companies like Amazon
coming up and destroying everybody in
its path there's a lot of different
reasons why this is happening but I just
see a lot of the companies we've been
used to over let's say the past few
decades they will not be around that's
just the way it is and there's many
things happening like I said you have
the big boys like Amazon coming out and
destroying a lot of these other
companies but at the same time you have
a lot of people saying you know what I
don't want to take part in any of this
I'm going to grow my own food I'm going
to shop at the mom-and-pop shops so this
is like this chasm which is formed
Michael Kors closing up to 125 stores as
sales plummet this is what would be
considered sort of a luxury type brand
or their thing and upscale bread they
expanded too far I don't know why they
did this but this is the way it is and
now they have to bring that back
ultimately what I'm getting to is that a
people lose their jobs there's people
who were employed they're not employed
today so the reason they have
encountered this simply sales are not
keeping up bed bloodbath and beyond this
is q1 estimates store closings are
likely here another retailer yet again
and this here being Robo advisors now
Robo advisors are an interesting concept
when you go to and I've done this myself
many years ago
when I was 14 years old I had a at that
time it was a big sum of money for me
it was I think it was about $800 and I
invested in a mutual fund based on the
recommendation from another than my
parents but at that time I thought it
was just had so much money put it in the
in the bank and they put it in a I think
it was called the dividend fund and so
invested in banks mostly so here they
are providing myself with hopefully down
the road income and you know just to
give you a little tidbit I ended up
selling that for gold at a later date
what we have here is a typical
conversation with the financial advisor
you tell them your risks you tell him
how long you want to keep that in for
and here we go they recommend something
for you what has been disclosed in more
recent past is that we see that the
recommendations don't really have
anything to do with your risk assessment
and everything else it's ultimately
incentive based doesn't matter now what
they'll have is robo-advisor so you just
go on the internet you go to the site
you click a few buttons and they make a
recommendation it's really no different
in a way the only difference is it loses
that individual so you no longer need to
go to the bank to speak to the customer
service representative who will make an
appointment for you to see a financial
adviser then you go to the financial
adviser there he is no you don't need to
do any of that you just go to the
website which is they pay a technology
person setting up that website and
that's it it's just one-time thing you
don't have to do anything to it after
that other than maintenance or what have
you but that becomes your new adviser a
lot of jobs will be lost I don't think
that there's even a need for this we
shouldn't be investing in these to begin
with but this is the way it is and last
but not least McDonald's new bank ATM
requires zero human interaction so where
do you get your fast food well if you're
part of the new trend you're going to
get it from an ATM vending machine
essentially that an individual will
supply with food as you tap on these big
screens and you outcomes your food there
it is the new evolution less human
interaction more robotics more
automation and ultimately what I see
coming is the possible scenario for a
guaranteed universal basic income that
would be just enough to keep you under
the poverty line so that you become
subservient
to those above if you found this video
informative then please support me by
giving a thumbs up and if you found the
video informative then you'll find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative the first book is more about
the four asset classes and how to profit
from it it's also longer more detailed
the new book touches on those familiar
subjects but I get into something that I
didn't in the first book and that is how
to become self-sufficient reducing your
monthly expenses in what I call the
money GPS strategy so they're both
different in their own ways is not
really a continuation so check those out
at Amazon they have a look inside
feature you can flip through them and
also want to note that what I have been
doing is YouTube has a feature where it
creates the transcripts of this video I
take that and I'm downloading it and
then putting that into a big text block
and no editing or whatever it's just one
big sentence essentially taking that and
I fortunately I can't put that on
YouTube because they will definitely ban
me what I'm doing is I'm putting that on
the steam it's post so every time I post
a YouTube I'm also posting the exact
same thing on steam it and for those who
don't know steam is like a social media
and other social media and from there in
the description of that you'll see the
transcript and the reason I mentioned
this is because it's great to bring
people in when you're searching online
or whatever it
better for that but also for individuals
who have hearing impairments or any sort
of issue with hearing and maybe they
want to read instead maybe they're not
really interested in hear my voice so
they can instead read the transcript so
it's actually it's fairly accurate so
you can see that there if you're
interested want in steam it at all then
definitely I check the links in the
description that's all
take care